hey hey hi you guys listen you know what
I'm not feeling really well I think I'm
gonna get to play really what's what's
wrong I don't know I think it's kind of
serious um you know I was watching this
thing on TV this morning about Newcastle
disease and I think I might have it ah
Newcastle disease is a secretion borne
virus that only affects chickens and
other poultry okay who's this I'm sorry
Rachel this is Charlie wheeler ah she's
a colleague oh hi I would shake your
hand but I'm sure you don't want to get
my chicken disease Rachel okay I see you
for sure
you're not sick what yes I am okay then
why are you when you're sick you do
whatever you can to make yourself feel
better you just want to stay home so you
can make a move on Joey
oh no no I heard you before that is so
not what this is okay then what is this
okay Joey is having a secret Days of Our
Lives party up on the roof and he sent
you guys to the play to get rid of you
what right what's what's going on joey
is having a secret Days of Our Lives
party hop on the roof and and he didn't
want you guys to know about it but I
came over here to tell you I thought you
came to say you were sick all right
professor I'm detective Joey's having a
party and he wasn't gonna invite us yeah
he doesn't every year that's why he's
sending you to the play that's why he
sent us to that medieval restaurant and
to that Button Factory and that that
horrible museum tours no I arranged that
hey you guys I'm turning in have fun
you know about your party Joey a party
the game's over
take off your robe
nice sweet
[Applause]
[Music]
hey glad you could make it thanks for
coming
oh my god Kyle doubter I love you that's
why I didn't invite you you have to calm
down all right just go go get yourself a
drink or oh yeah that's what you want my
inhibitions lowered hey Oh Mike I can
you believe we're surrounded by all this
it could be only control myself come on
I thought you might want to remember
that you're married
where is Chandler anyway oh my god
Chandler
where the hell is everybody why don't
you like me
chapter one my first period
well events are all thinking that now
would be a really great time for an
intermission huh oh yes god yes well
you're not gonna get one because in life
there are no intermissions people
divorce is a four-letter word how could
he leave me I don't know you seem lovely
thank you so much for these tickets
Chandler well this was a really
important experience for me and I wanted
to share with you yeah you're so
wonderful why don't you like me
chapter one my first period I can't
believe you guys bought that enjoy your
slow death